README.md, before:

# Injection Dependent

 [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Alastair2D/injection_dependent.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Alastair2D/injection_dependent.svg?branch=master)    ![Scrutinizer](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/filp/whoops.svg)    ![npm bundle size (minified)](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/react.svg)  ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)

This is our final project to finish the course at Makers. The intention of the project is to help those with type 1 diabetes manage the condition by creating a mobile app that tracks and advises on injection sites.

## Team

[Mathilde Ferrand](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou)   
[Andrew Wood](https://github.com/andrewwood2)   
[James Malvern](https://github.com/jdm79)   
[Alastair Edmonds](https://github.com/Alastair2D)   
[Harry Pugh](https://github.com/hjpugh)

## Team Goals

* Learn React Native
* Learn React Native testing framework (Jest and Enzyme)
* Create something useful
* Improve quality of life
* TDD everything
* Write code easy to read and change
* Working together: pair programming, ensure knowledge sharing, communication
* Agile rituals: sprint planning, daily stand-up, retro

## Technology

This project was built with Javascript, [React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/) and [Redux](https://redux.js.org/introduction).   
We used [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) and [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) testing frameworks. Jest provides test coverage as well.   
[ESLint](https://github.com/Intellicode/eslint-plugin-react-native) has been set up as a style checking.   

The repo with our backend is [here](https://github.com/andrewwood2/inj_dep_api) and deployed on [heroku](https://guarded-caverns-16437.herokuapp.com/).

## How to install and use

### Download the project

1. Cloning this project `git clone https://github.com/Alastair2D/injection_dependent`
2. Change into the directory `cd injection_dependent`
3. Install the dependencies with `npm install`

### Run the test

1. `npm test` will run the tests and get you the test coverage
2. `npm run lint` will run eslint

### Play with the project

Download the [Expo client](https://expo.io/) on your iOS or Android phone and connect to the same wireless network as your computer. On your computer, run `npm start`. You should see a QR code in your terminal and/or your favourite browser. On Android, use the Expo app to scan the QR code. On iOS, scan the QR code with your camera to open the project in the Expo app.


## User Stories

### MVP

```
As a user,
So I know where to inject,
I want the app to generate a suggestion.

As a user,
So I know the last injection site,
I want to be able to see this.
```
### Version 1

```
As a user,
So I can see previous sites used,
I want to be able to view confirmation history.

As a user,
So I can avoid certain sites,
I want to be able to configure this in settings.
```

### UX Wireframe

[MVP UX Wireframe](https://github.com/Alastair2D/injection_dependent/blob/master/images/MVP_D1.png)

## Useful links

[Group diary on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/injection.dependent/?hl=en)   
[Tickets on Trello](https://trello.com/injectiondependent)

Commit message:

docs: add user stories and place for a demo

README.md, after:

# Injection Dependent

 [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Alastair2D/injection_dependent.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Alastair2D/injection_dependent.svg?branch=master)    ![Scrutinizer](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/filp/whoops.svg)    ![npm bundle size (minified)](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/react.svg)  ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)

This is our final project to finish the course at Makers. The intention of the project is to help those with type 1 diabetes manage the condition by creating a mobile app that tracks and advises on injection sites.

## Team

[Mathilde Ferrand](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou)   
[Andrew Wood](https://github.com/andrewwood2)   
[James Malvern](https://github.com/jdm79)   
[Alastair Edmonds](https://github.com/Alastair2D)   
[Harry Pugh](https://github.com/hjpugh)

## Team Goals

* Learn React Native
* Learn React Native testing framework (Jest and Enzyme)
* Create something useful
* Improve quality of life
* TDD everything
* Write code easy to read and change
* Working together: pair programming, ensure knowledge sharing, communication
* Agile rituals: sprint planning, daily stand-up, retro

## Technology

This project was built with Javascript, [React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/) and [Redux](https://redux.js.org/introduction).   
We used [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) and [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) testing frameworks. Jest provides test coverage as well.   
[ESLint](https://github.com/Intellicode/eslint-plugin-react-native) has been set up as a style checking.   

The repo with our backend is [here](https://github.com/andrewwood2/inj_dep_api) and deployed on [heroku](https://guarded-caverns-16437.herokuapp.com/).

## Demo

(To be added)

## How to install and use

### Download the project

1. Cloning this project `git clone https://github.com/Alastair2D/injection_dependent`
2. Change into the directory `cd injection_dependent`
3. Install the dependencies with `npm install`

### Run the test

1. `npm test` will run the tests and get you the test coverage
2. `npm run lint` will run eslint

### Play with the project

Download the [Expo client](https://expo.io/) on your iOS or Android phone and connect to the same wireless network as your computer. On your computer, run `npm start`. You should see a QR code in your terminal and/or your favourite browser. On Android, use the Expo app to scan the QR code. On iOS, scan the QR code with your camera to open the project in the Expo app.


## User Stories

### MVP

```
As a user,
So I know where to inject,
I want the app to generate a suggestion.

As a user,
So I know the last injection site,
I want to be able to see this.
```
### Version 1

```
As a user,
So I can see previous sites used,
I want to be able to view confirmation history.

As a user,
So I can avoid certain sites,
I want to be able to configure this in settings.

As a user,
So I can access the whole history after quitting the app,
I want the history stored on a database.

As a user,
To ensure I retrieve only my history,
I want to be able to input a username.

As a user,
So I remember the type of medication used,
I want to be able to choose between long and short-acting insulin.
```

### Mockup

[MVP Mockup](https://github.com/Alastair2D/injection_dependent/blob/master/images/MVP_D1.png)

## Useful links

[Group diary on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/injection.dependent/?hl=en)   
[Tickets on Trello](https://trello.com/injectiondependent)
